Refactor terminology: `epoch`->`passes` + improve dataloder note (#593)
flatironinstitute/nemos: docs/how_to_guide/batching/stochastic_fit.md

We are ready to start the optimization using the GLM's `stochastic_fit` method.

> `stochastic_fit` uses `n_passes` to control the training duration and does not stop on convergence by default. Unless a callback requests a stop, it will run for the full number of passes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`stochastic_fit` uses `n_passes` to control the number of passes over the full dataset and does not stop on convergence by default. Unless a callback requests a stop, it will run for the full number of passes.
```
